I'm sorry during right I it's not a scam
I wish it was I wish I really wish I
really wish I could say to durianrider
right now you know what you got me it's
a scam you and me should sit down and
you know drink some caffeine free tea
sometime and have a laugh about what a
joke YouTube is and have a laugh about
the future of veganism but I can't do it
and if you can't do it either
but obviously the actual allegations
made against me would be emotionally
devastating perhaps to the average
person we could say to many people to
most people I don't know at an earlier
stage of this you may or may not have
noticed if you read very carefully the
text on screen in the earlier video I
put up already showing you exactly what
your mitre said you could have picked
out the detail that at an earlier stage
they were claiming that I was using a
false name generally you know I found
this hilarious and I showed them my
passport although that's a completely
unreasonable demand to make when you've
threatened to beat someone up to abduct
them when you've made threats of
violence against someone and when you've
really defamed them you really commit a
defamation in the strict legal sense
it's completely ridiculous for you to
then say them oh yes and I need a favor
could you could you provide me with your
your passport number it would take
another but you know as with many other
things in that conversation they kept
making a reasonable demands and I kept
saying great let's do it
you know they said they had a criminal
case against me they wanted to arrest me
and I said great let's go to the police
station okay yeah okay you want to
arrest me let's do it you want to put me
in jail all right I'm game and all right
away those things collapse in many many
ways this has been a process of my
calling the bluff of the other side now
one of my catchphrases is that I'm not a
nice guy and I don't even pretend to be
a nice guy when I think someone is an
idiot I do say they're an idiot but I
think someone is wrong I say they're
wrong many of you will have tuned into
this video expecting me to call Julia
Bohr the girl who's been denouncing me
on the internet lately
to call her an idiot I do not think
she's an idiot I don't there are many
videos in which she acts like a fool but
I I actually do not think she's stupid
what she is jealous of me because I can
smash it as much rice and jam and sugar
and whatever good stuff I can be a pizza
without having a chopped-up Gill and
knowing that I will be lean anyways in
like a couple of years and then she will
be staying there
jealous knocking on her root echoes and
be like [ __ ] this [ __ ] and she will
still be sitting there under her
blankets in front of her laptop writing
rage comments excuse me where's my
cucumber stop being frustrated [ __ ]
just because I tell the truth
and you [ __ ] know it I believe her
age is 16 when I sent her an email I
assumed she was 19 or older because I
assumed her parents would not allow her
to do the things she's been doing
including like making trips to Thailand
alone I don't know who lets their
sixteen-year-old daughter go to Thailand
I don't know probably if you by the end
of this video you'll be convinced you
shouldn't let your 1600 daughter have a
have an iPhone or use the internet that
mean you may ask yourself a lot of
questions about parenting before this
video but look I I don't think julia
borer is an idiot and I'm not here to
call her an idiot not at all those of
you have watched some of her videos
maybe shark and say well come on she's
saying a lot of stupid stuff well she is
very strongly influenced by what I've
just mentioned this habitus there's a
real anthropology term there's habitus
popularized by freelee and durianrider
of acting over-the-top attacking people
denouncing people and starting fights
over nothing over who's wearing too much
makeup or some trivial thing instead of
doing just up and talking about analyze
someone's work find what's useful in it
for you acknowledge the difference is
compromise tolerance above all else
tolerance and you know work for a better
tomorrow
right politically or even just socially
isn't that what we all should be doing
you know why are you going to Thailand
are you going to Thailand to make
friends going to Tallinn to make enemies
going to this big vegan summit what are
you going for even me I'm going to make
friends I'm looking for people I can
work with I want to know people 10 years
from now that I met today for me it's a
long game alright I'm not playing for an
extra 1000 views this week or an extra
10,000 subscribers this month
not my game I really want to build
institutions I really want to change the
world I've given so many examples of how
attainable that is Mothers Against Drunk
Driving or any of these other humble
civil society organizations the gay
rights advocacy groups that God
organized God in office really changed
the world sure I want to make something
positive happen and I want to make it
happen with you whoever you are watching
this and you know Julie abort
turns out she's 16 she's gonna grow up
ten years from now she'll be 26 I see
potential in her also to make a positive
change in the world I really do
I got no hate in my heart for I wasn't
writing to her with any hatred in my
mind either
it's not the first time during Ryder has
played this game even his core fans have
now seen this played out again and again
and you know in the English language we
have a popular story called the boy who
cried wolf you may have never heard of
that story you may have grown up playing
video games and have never heard the
story of the boy who cried wolf but you
know if you have a false alarm too many
times people start to get suspicious and
also people know me because I'm open and
relaxed about the reality with my life
is in this way but look so the current
accusation it's now have shifted because
one accusation after another has proven
to be Hollow and baseless and I just
replied in a kind of self confident open
way oh okay you got criminal charges
against me let's hear them let's go to
the police station I'll meet you there
no problem you don't have to arrest me
I'll voluntarily go to the police
station
oh no there are no criminal charges okay
so what do you want to do what's this
about you know but just the concept of
the website couchsurfing he's apparently
exotic and strange enough to people that
they can make this up so look I'll tell
you about the website kerchief in a
second so it's not super boring first
let me just read you my profile here the
about me page encourage them you can
decide if this sounds to you like a
tremendously sexy and appealing image
that I'm portraying I mean you know hey
takes all sorts about me vegan and then
as the Chinese characters for vegan ie
more strict than merely vegetarian
that's the first thing in my description
myself what does that tell you I am
especially interested in meeting other
vegans while I am in Thailand and while
I am in China etc does this sound like a
lie to you what do you think anyone
who's watching even one video on my
youtube channel what is your judgment my
character does the sound wildly
improbable you out are you shocked
this is my my secret life on the
Internet is that I try to meet us or
faked it I have a YouTube channel period
Oh 90% of it lately is talking about
Incan Itza obviously I'm leading a
double life here obviously this profile
is a complete fiction and you know I
mean there's just no resemblance the
real me and you know my great secret has
been discovered by these people were
trying to denounce me what a shame
how I participate in couchsurfing I use
couchsurfing to meet other people with
common interests you can't rely on
chance to cross paths the people it's
very true interests animals vegetarian
vegan Buddhist boy I guess I should
delete the Buddhist that's probably I
probably had that tag I didn't notice
since I was a Buddhist I'm now an ex
Buddhist identify as an historical
nihilist but anyway but oh but my
nihilism comes out here you look decent
books through Citadis then I have the
Chinese name for the acidities and
Herodotus but no I can't read Greek so
you know among the people who are hating
on me you know if you want to make a
scandal why don't you take the time and
energy and look into through Citadis and
Herodotus one amazing thing I've done
true story I'm in a remote village on
the lao burmese border and some of the
villagers are about to slaughter a pig
the men who are sharpening the knife to
slit the animal's throat request that i
chant in pali the canonical language of
buddhism so the pig will be reincarnated
as a human being I laugh and I reply
that they're asking the wrong question
they should be asking me to chant so
they won't be reborn as pigs true story
did I mention that I'm vegan look guys
if you're just vaguely familiar with my
web presence on YouTube or otherwise
none of this could be a shock or scandal
to anyone now if you don't know like
look let's say couchsurfing was a dating
website it was a moment it's not it's
not a dating web site but if it was so
what you think I'd be ashamed of this
you think I have something to hide with
this profile really now I mean here's
the problem with during writers
influence her reply is and I quote what
do you want from me eyes'll he's trying
to turn
during Ryder you got the wrong person
mate [ __ ] off so you know you try but if
that's the response you get Moon's right
you know try anymore so my reply was
simply to say Julia in five years you're
gonna look back at this and laugh for
yourself and I'm not talking about
anything specific I'm not talking about
her views on diet or politics or
anything else specifically but the fact
that you're the type of person who
responds to an email like that by
telling someone to [ __ ] off you know I
think five years from now whatever age
she was whatever age you will be I don't
know you're gonna look back and laugh at
yourself yes I'm going to laugh at the
fact that I ever doubted this lifestyle
and wasted my time on this shitty
conversation I have oh I should mention
by the way I'm only posting this
publicly because she already did so this
is not private correspondence anymore
she slightly misrepresented what I said
only slightly and she did post her own
email publicly on her on her website so
I'm not outing this private conversation
she already went public with haha we all
know you're not vegan as if you would
you wouldn't go after the people who did
more for the vegan movement than you
ever did and ever well you're just a
stupid [ __ ] and a hater who's jealous of
Drs success when you go to chiang mai
catch up with vegan Ava she's going to
look like freely in a few months
you really think veganism is about what
you look like because I don't it's not
like for me veganism is not about
looking like freely it's not about
looking like Patrick Stewart it's not
about looking like anything it's it's
really not freely and Harley help people
change their life except for the lazy
couch potato frustrated victims like
Swayze Hannah or that other
shake you interviewed who don't
understand adapted thermogenesis haha
there's no explanation point hereafter
haha so I don't know she's really having
fun anymore you know I've been writing
essays about like you know mass murder
in the history of China political
history of Japan Russia I think about a
lot of things my time I think about my
own career I've been applying for jobs
you know what I talked about within
veganism also I'd like to think is
actually much more substantive than this
well meet my friends ride up steep
climbs in the sunshine feeling amazing
laughing and going for adventures best
regards Julia I don't know where you got
the idea that my life is boring I have
had a very very interesting life and my
life has included a long-distance
cycling my life has included
long-distance cycling in Thailand and
long-distance cycling up steep climbs I
went up one of the steepest I do a tap
is a joke homeboy I went up [ __ ] Fah
which is also known as Poochie fuh
northern dialect issue there I went up
so called blue Melton and I had to sleep
at the Buddhist monastery at the top of
that mountain does a hell of a story if
I were to tell it
I have known you know what's a real
adventure to me a vacation is not an
adventure to me doing humanitarian work
is a real adventure to me real danger
political danger putting your life on
the line for something meaningful that's
an adventure paying money to go on a
ride at a theme park is not an adventure
and paying money to go on vacation and
ride a bicycle is not adventure but I
mean you know I can remember it was
risking my life back when I was doing
humanitarian work I did just use a
bicycle as a means of transport to get
from one village to another and
sometimes that was risking my life in
some ways and there were some real
adventures
and some funny stories that came out of
that and so on that was a that was when
the last of the wild jungle was being
cut down in the northwest of Laos and
the Berner border with Myanmar today I
assume that jungle is all gone and that
was when the roads were not paved that's
when you're talking about you know dirt
roads logging trails third world
conditions no electricity etc you know
no drinking water
you got to boil the water before I've
had adventures and ironically I've had
adventures in that part of Asia and I've
had adventures involving bicycles but
that was not the meaning of life for me
I was doing humanitarian work I was
doing language research was doing
historical research I was doing NGO
related research research related to the
charity work you know applied research
and you know I was also preparing myself
for a lifetime of being a scholar and
intellectual sinking a lot of time into
everything from political history
but also the history of Buddhism etc I
was cultivating myself for career as a
specialist and I now do not expect to
ever have a career as a specialist so I
don't know I don't know why you think my
life is boring or that's lacked
adventure or even that it's lacked
long-distance cycling I think my
long-distance cycling credentials are a
lot better than yours actually Julia but
hey you know welcome welcome to the club
I have no concerns about her gaining
weight or losing weight I see that stuff
is easy and I think she can attain all
her goals as an athlete no problem
why not the problem what I see for her
is is the ego trip is that cult-like
effect that the durianrider and frilly
thing has on her but I think she'll grow
out of it you mean the last thing I said
to her I sent one more message where I
just said look I revise my estimate
instead of saying you'll look back on
this in five years and laugh I think
you'll look back in five months and
laugh and that's not an insult you know
it's a compliment and a lot of people
have gotten in touch with me through
email through my patreon again sign up
for my patreon for those discussions
saying how much their view of the
world changed in just one year becoming
vegan already is a huge change in your
view of the world and then some people
go through a period of believing in
crazy pseudoscience or crazy diets or
crazy forms of activism like I was
showing earlier you know going into a
restaurant and screaming at people
having these emotional outpourings and
within a few months or within a few
years people adapt they learn they
change they move on and you know that's
what's gonna happen to Julia and I'm
happy for you know uh we all got to grow
up and I can't do the growing up for you
now among the other things used to try
to make this seem more salacious than it
really is is the assertion which is not
based on evidence actually contradicted
by the evidence that I only use this
website to me win which has not been
true um and in fact the proof of that is
on the same profile so these are the
reviews you get you may ask well with
the website like Oh something how do
people trust each other enough to invite
someone into their home and you know let
them sleep on their couch for the night
well this is part of it is that people
give reviews to each other so here are
two reviews I have from heterosexual
adult men and neither of them are young
I think the first guy he's a man about
50 I forget how old he is and get old he
is now uh Hermes and then another one
from Timothy they're both very positive
reviews hermes says that I'm a
fascinating host I shared my advanced
understanding of an area neutral
interest oh gee I didn't so this is very
flattering he says that I'm a well of
deep knowledge but I'm happy to talk
about personal and mundane subjects
applause boy you know that sorry you
guys can read this yourselves this is
actually a you know extremely flattering
review oh and I didn't realize you had
to click to read more so he all right uh
he this is that one's longer anyway so I
took the screen shot without
that but anyway this is an effusive ly
positive review about what a wonderful
guy I am to have a conversation with
again perhaps not shocking if you watch
this YouTube channel it's not to
everyone's taste my YouTube channel but
some people including adult heterosexual
men are very happy to meet me and I do
like you know uh Hermes feel like he's
he's actually vegetarian but not vegan
and then there's another one from
Timothy here I'm still in touch with him
that guy Hermes and we still have email
contact and so on but yeah that's that's
why people use couchsurfing to try to
build community try to build you know
meaningful relationships some kind uh
Timothy says I enjoyed two very nice
days in Taitung with Zell I'm easily
suspicious if people seem too nice or
accommodating such was the case of Zell
but after leaving his home in
hospitality of two days I already miss
him Wow somebody you can read the rest
of that again this is actually public I
mean you know these people are making up
rumors about me as if there's something
sexy about my Kosar fect profile if
there isn't I didn't realize these were
such positive reviews but they say I'm a
wonderful host they say staying over at
my house for a couple nights is a
wonderful experience
there you go I didn't think I'd be
bragging about that on on youtube today
but these accusations against me have
thought this out of me
so that funny stuff um look you know
these people they're looking to create a
scandal out of nothing and like I said
with the boy who cried wolf or whatever
example you want to use they did this
all before with Hania and Jason it was
you know make up any story make up any
fiction and try to use the internet and
even telephone calls you know remember
they they phoned Jason's mom and try to
fabricate fake things from the internet
I mean you know there's no real limit to
how low they'll go the difference is in
dealing with me the dealing with
somebody who isn't hurt by this
I'm not upset by this and I know other
people have been emotionally devastated
by it 99.9% of people have been in my
corner and the truth is this whole
fiasco was really like an intelligence
test for the focus of freelee and
durianrider
because you get to find out
who is dumb enough to fall for it
because there's nothing convincing about
the illusions they've been putting out
but a very very small number of people
choose to believe them anyway so the
total amount donated at the beginning
was six thousand five hundred US dollars
out of that sixty dollars were returned
so I believe just two people lost faith
in the fundraiser and asked for a refund
which of course I granted the fees
collected by others and reading off the
screen here obviously don't memorize the
fees collected by generosity are over
three hundred dollars two hundred and
thirty nine dollars seventy cents plus
another 25 dollars etc etc this reduces
the amount I should in theory actually
receive the amount they're sending to me
drops to only six thousand one hundred
and seventy five dollars and thirty
cents I'm sorry during write I it's not
a scam I wish it was I wish I really
wish I really wish I could say to
durianrider right now you know what you
got me it's a scam you and me should sit
down and you know drink some caffeine
free tea sometime and have a laugh about
what a joke YouTube is and have a laugh
about the future of veganism but I can't
do it and if he can't do it either